disable map interactions while exporting (#151)
Dataport/polar: packages/plugins/Export/CHANGELOG.md

- Fix: PDF export with download:false now works correctly.
- Fix: Adjust documentation to properly describe optionality of configuration parameters.

> - Fix: Map interactions are now disabled during the export process so potential interaction features won't be exported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Disable map interactions during the export process so potential interaction features won't be exported.
```
